Description:
This mod add mostly furniture and some other stuff. Main focus of this mod is to make your colony more customable in terms of looks and hopfully with some more knowledge and traning i will also be able to add some more functionality to this items. At current state mod items mostly affect beauty and almost every item from mod adds to beauty.

What is beauty:
Beauty(opposite to fear) is a effect on items that makes you colonist more loyal, this means they will less likley get to mental breakdown level of loyalty, and in envoirment with high beauty, loyalty will go down slower or will go up.



Items with Functions:

Modern Tables - They come with 3 sizes ( 1x1, 2x1 and 2x2), after selecting one of alredy build table, there will be a button with recycle arrows icon (dont ask ...), this button allow you to switch between diffrent textures for that table, depends what you like.
With additional research small and medium modern tables will get additional textures to switch between.

Trashbin - This items is fully automated and its coded by Haplo. Trashbin if powered, will clean filth few filth squares in range of 7 squares. It clean in cycles, each cycle last for around 5 sec (it cleans fast) and there are 2 cycles per rimworld day. So simply said it will clean filth in range of 7, 2 times a day.

Nade Combat Dummie - This is a statue of nade, you can find it in seciurity tab. For some odd reason everyone thinks that this is a target dummy. Well partialy it is, but its mostly for defence.
It have same function as turrets when it comes for target priority of colony enemies, meaning if a colonist and statue are withing shooting/attacking distance of enemies, enemies will in 99% choose to attack statue. It is very effective agains overhelming forces, especialy if you got colonist with high construction that can stand behind the statue and fix it ( statue have highest cover rate) while you other colonist chill out in the open terrain and shot to enemies.

HoloEmitter - Two stage clutter, after building it, select it and click on switch on button. When switched on it will create a holographic image. Second stage is to select holographic image, you will see two buttons, first one is to select the texture of holographic image ( piramid, plant or balls), the 2nd button is to switch off/on rotation of the image.

Plasma Generator - Automated clutter, it is a basicly a weak green lamp that produce power. It have two stages, fist stage needs power to charge up to second stage, second stage is a brief burst of high power output. Burst is around 3x times power that it consumed in first stage.

Concrete/small fences - This are like sand bags , but they are impassible. Colonist can shoot thrugh them and they also provie some cover.

Sentinel Turret - Beefup turret good for position fighting, its got decent damage and fire rate for a cannon, but its strenght is in its high hp, it is a weaker version of Nade Combat Dummie, but its can shot back. It is also coded so it will shot every enemie of your colony, this include insane animals.

Sponge Dispenser - This is for a fast response fire alarms, its fast and cheap to build clutter. When build you must activate it, select it and press switch on/off button. It will only activate if there is a fire in its range which is 10 squares. When active it will shot a sponge on every fire in its range, each sponge cost a charge, this device starts with 20 charges which can be expanded thrugh research. Charges are not rechargable meaning its only one time use and after that you can sell it to get some metal back. Sponges will stay on a square for a bit after which they will disperse and vanish, they will extuingish any fire on a square and will protect the square(while they are on it) from getting back on fire. Sponges life time can be exended thrugh research.

Sponge Gun - Its a portable version of sponge dispense, they need to be crafted on converter table ( require Plasma Compression research). It requires you to select a square on which colonist should shoot, it dont have auto fire targeting (yet). Sponge gun is also one time use, it have 5 charges, after charges are depleted, gun will destroy itself, with a small chance of getting your colonist on fire ( yes im a horibble person :D). 

Comms Unit - It is used to call trader ships, sucks alot of power for each stage of sending stuff. It will generate randomly a incident ( traders are incident to ), if your lucky you will get a trader, if you only a bit lucky, you will get nothing or resource pod drop and if your unlucky... suprise :D
Chances in general looks like Nothing>Trader>Bad Stuff, but its still randome and you can get few bad stuff in a row.

Item List of Everything:
Seats:
Couch (Is a chair, 2x1 size)
Round chair (Is a chair)
Seat (Is a chair)
Stool (Is a chair)

Tables:
Modern Small Table ( Is a table, 1x1 size, has Ui function to change texture after research)
Modern Medium Table (Is a table, 2x1 size, has Ui function to change texture after research)
Modern Square Table ( Is a table, 2x2 size, has Ui function to change texture after research)
Serving table (Works like equipment rack but for meals, has a function to be changed into normal table, 2x1 size)
Resource Table ( Works like equipment rack but only for raw resources, 2x1 size)
Medical Table (Works like equipment rack but only for medicine)

Beds:
Pod bed (Is a bed)
Slab bed (its a bed and no its not a bed for a morgue)

Clutter:
Crate with cog (Is a clutter)
Trash bin (Is a clutter, scripted, will clean some filth once a day from 5-7 radius zone around it, its confined by rooms, coded by Haplo)
Used shelf (is a clutter)
Locker (Is a clutter)
Mainframe (Is a clutter)
Console Unit (Is a clutter, has a function to be changed into workbench)
Cabinet (Is a clutter, not sure if its proper english name)
Desk (Is a clutter 2x1 size)
Nadezhda (Is a clutter, due bad childhood memories in raiders school, raiders prefer to shoot Nadezhda statue over your colonists, and its also a decent cover.)
Toilet (Is a clutter)
Floor Addon (Is a clutter)
Lab Mixer Device (Is a clutter)

Lamps:
Floor Lamp (Is a lamp)
Wierd lamp (Is a lamp, glow color :normal, blue, red , green)
HoloEmitter (Is a lamp, glow slightly blue, scripted, image and rotation controls are on the holographic image)
Plasma Generator (is a lamp, glow slightly green, scripted needs power to start, generate power in bursts, coded with lots of help from Architect)

Floors:
Alloy Floor
Dark Metal
Dark Concrete
Wood Panels
Metal Panels
Ceramic Panels

Wall Type:
Silver Wall 
Small fence ( Is kinda like sandbags, but not passible)
Concrete fence ( Is kinda like sandbags, but not passible, good as cover)

Others:
Sentinel Turret ( well its a turret )
Sponge Dispenser (One time use clutter to help fight with fire, Thanks to Haplo for help with this)
Sponge Gun (Portable version of sponge dispenser, have 5 ammo, after ammo is depleted gun destroy itself)
Comms Unit (Thing to call traders in most cases)




Errors:
Im not much of a coder so there might be some errors, it will most likly be my fault in 99% :D
Issues will be on posted in the main mod post on ludeon forums.

If you have any tips, suggestion, critic, feedback you welcome to spam it all in main mod topic on ludeon forums link: http://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=2541.0

Yes my english is bad sorry :D